let me know where you're from in the
comments let's get this going we're live
here on YouTube I'm gonna try to figure
out my lighting situation it's just
terrible
no that's better okay Kansas City
Houston Texas Canada Canada so what's up
if you are tuning and after the fact
that this is live if you're watching
this on my channel right now welcome my
name is Sara D she rises coochi you can
hit that subscribe button and
notifications to get notified when I'm
going live this go-around I'm actually
testing out YouTube's new features so
now on YouTube you not only can go live
you can go live from your webcam so I am
talking to you hey guys on my macbook
webcam San Antonio Egypt Sudan Toronto
Oregon England what's up England um and
so this is a new YouTube feature that
you can actually in a live stream from
awake webcam you don't need OBS you do
not need Wirecast and so this rolled out
a few days ago right around when people
started getting hype on Twitch so
everyone seems to be um twitching
nowadays and I've been wanting to talk
about this but I wanted it to be more of
a conversation so I want your opinion I
want to know who you guys are watching
do you care about twitch you know do you
I I'm not sure but as you guys are
coming in South Africa Italy oh my
goodness um if you guys have any
opinions about ninja about twitch about
YouTube live streaming I'm gonna be
asking you some questions let me know
what you think thank you guys so much
for joining if you're here and watching
smash that like button we got six
hundred people in this livestream smash
the like button so maybe more people can
join Craig Adams says please make John
dad and he just create Adam just super
chatted $1.99 for John to dab
all right I think that's $2 worth thank
you for your donation Craig I want a
dollar of that flapjack says I love
twitch Ninja is cool I don't personally
watch him um everyone is like oh that
haircut though oh snap you can't really
see it but you did get a haircut 999
super chat from YC imaging I'm here to
second the dab so maybe he's going to
second the duck
maybe I'll dab uh nope but yeah so I'm
gonna start off this conversation with
what I think about it hit Logan Paul is
banned from twitch I don't think he
really is I think people want him to be
that was the other person I should have
put my thumb know someone just super
chatted $100 Andy the lab holy crap guys
thanks for the support
that's insane um thank you Andy the lab
that is crazy
um so let's talk about twitch I'm gonna
say my opinion and then I'm gonna ask
you guys some questions right now I
understand it for video games I do not
play for at night I do not play pug G
but I have a lot of friends who do they
enjoy it and I've actually watched ninja
streams just a little bit of Roman
Atwood jumped on with his wife and
started playing some some video games
which is cool I think that is the peak
of entertainment when it comes to twitch
is like okay playing the video games
entertaining you're talking to your
audience cool that's great but I don't
like video games so I don't find that
entertaining every twitch stream that
I've clicked on whether it was Romans or
whatever it's them like sitting there
picking their characters like hey honey
what's up for ninja you know maybe he's
doing some like impersonations you know
he's quirky which I guess is
entertaining um yeah I've never known
how to say you're in
harsh some rinsing but I see you on my
on my Twitter and stuff we homies h3h3
streams are the only extremes I watch on
Twitch say how did you eat that's true
h3h3 I love their podcasts I think what
they're doing on Twitch is really cool
so there is a potential with podcast but
a lot of people are jumping to twitch
and just doing this and so oh my gosh we
have 750 people in here
smash that like button guys maybe some
more people are gonna get in here but a
lot of people are doing this on Twitch
where it's just like hey guys um let me
fix my camera let me fix my audio how
does that sound guys they're not really
doing anything entertaining
I feel like live-streaming is about you
just have to be constantly entertained
and you have to be engaging on the
comments you gotta be like oh okay
yeah pretty boy Randy
he has a great content um
horse and Rin that's how you say your
name awesome Mary Smith hi Sarah was
some Bernardo says I'm not really into
gaming either do you think twitch
courage to change its focus to other
Creators could get into it what about on
the creator side I think that is a super
interesting side to explore one of my
friends she does creative streaming and
so she's an illustrator what she does on
Twitch is she will sit there in design
she makes really great graphics and
illustrations and so she'll have some
music playing and it'll be piece and
console console I just made a board calm
and social sit there and she will stream
making illustration for about an hour
two hours and I think that's cool I
think there's a big there could be that
could be big um but there's not a big
audience for that people are going to
twitch because these big creators are
bringing over you have local Paul yeah
Casey 9 stat but there's already that
video game pocket like ninja and then he
had drake on a stream then everyone's
like oh my god twitch so there's video
games on Twitch
just thriving so if you can make a nerd
like really cool entertaining video game
content then that's gonna be cool but
with the creative side of things
I think someone's gonna need to go over
and make that a thing should that be me
guys should should i stream me editing a
video which you leave in the comments
would you watch me edit a video on
Twitch for like 8 hours I kid you not it
takes me depending on the video it will
take me four to eight hours to edit a
YouTube video and I can see that being
valuable to any future content creators
out there I do a lot of educational
content when it comes to editing but
there are 10-minute videos or they're my
30 minute skill short class and you know
maybe that could be cool if you actually
sing people create their stuff nope
Raymond says nope viii unless Benicia
obviously Noah not on Twitch ok that's
interesting so ok here's a interesting
thing is twitch do you go to another
platform that's not new but it's
exciting and you see that as oh you're
diversifying your platform on the
internet or are you stupid to leave the
platform where you have the biggest
audience would it make sense for me to
go and pour time into live streaming on
Twitch where my audience is on YouTube
would you guys watch me edit on YouTube
or is that something is there a reason
why the creative side of twitch is not
popular you know is there is there a
reason because people will go in code
they will sit there on their computer
open up some C++ or whatever Python Java
CSS whatever and we'll code do you guys
have experience with watching coding
Ryan says love you Sarah thank you for
your $10 super chat I reek says I would
much rather have signed back than
anything twitch can offer and rake that
is a good observation
rest in peace vine we miss you I love
vine so much some of the people that
came from vine to YouTube you know I
don't know about that Mason says I'll
look at a coding class yeah it could be
cool watching that type of stuff
Morgan says YouTube may get a direct
competitor like myspace did do you guys
think twitch can be a direct competitor
huge because they do have where you can
now oh my god is this person just is
this the same person you donate $100 oh
okay they're looking for that chef oh my
god did they forget to okay Andy the lab
who donated $100 previously just donated
another hundred dollars with a message I
was wondering why the message we're new
to YouTube almost 14k shoutout Twix Twix
twitch lacks the Polish YouTube has for
YouTube art streaming is a viable Avenue
for YouTube but unless twitch supports
the creative vein I don't see it I would
love to cry with you over scrubbing
video in Premiere lol Andy lab thank you
guys go check out Andy love um that's a
good point do you think twitch would
support anything other than video games
when that's really what they have
thrived on I do not think that live
stream I've had a complicated
relationship with I used to do you now
um I would do periscopes on Twitter and
things but live can be extremely boring
and if you don't like someone just
sitting here and talking to you I don't
like usually when I stream I try to keep
things interesting but the other half is
okay this gives my audience a chance to
just directly talk to me like having
this interaction because it's fun and I
do get to talk to you guys in a more
personal way than my normal videos but
you got to keep these entertaining I
don't
what can I do John come and frame Oh
[Music]
give me the eyeball are they trying to
keep it entertaining if I was doing at
wish I would do this the entire time so
yeah so hopefully that was entertaining
enough for you guys okay yeah John
alright um so yeah let's talk watching
no way if you wanna prop up what do you
think about twitch what do I do watch
which honestly okay and then we can
Kenneth
love your content keep it coming use
formula thank you so much Kenneth um so
video games twitch fun that's exciting
what I think is silly is people YouTube
creators that are going over to twitch
streaming for three hours and so for the
majority of the time than just sitting
there like uh so what's up guys and they
don't look at comments they don't talk
to their audience you know yeah and it's
not there's not a constant flow of
communication I feel like the best part
about livestream is this interaction
what do you think people say new haircut
studio geek 32 new haircut John says
dancer oh go for it um well twitch is
just a way to make money I didn't say
that either right that's it okay yeah
yeah I mean all the creators on YouTube
who switch over to twitch it's 100 maybe
99 percent I guess to make extra money a
lot of times on YouTube or online
platforms boring or what's seemingly
born to us is actually praised I mean
originally vlogs were literally someone
who wouldn't turn the camera off
yeah there'd be movies yeah there be to
a comminute
just silence while they adjust to the
next thing that they're doing like those
were vlogs before so and people really
liked it yeah so I feel like with twitch
yeah to us maybe it's boring but I think
a lot of people would like there is an
audience for it right the realness of
nothingness
yeah and that's true Ricky the only
channel I watch on Twitch is the guy who
is an uber driver in streams is
day-to-day over life Wow
otherwise I stick to YouTube because I
watch high-quality cymatics and that's
what's hilarious anymore now I'm saying
YouTube is where you go for high
cinematic quality compared to twitch and
blah that's alarm and let's talk about
the money thing on Twitch you have to
there's there's certain perks that you
get when you subscribe to someone for a
certain amount of money and then that
also comes in with you know the Amazon
subscribe to me or whatever so say you
have a thousand true fans who want to
dedicate five dollars a speech to you a
month mm-hmm that is HUGE
that's a lot of money and so Ninja has
Drake on stream goes viral Ninja is on
CNBC the next day the title is twitch
streamer makes five hundred thousand
dollars a month for playing video games
that gets floated around everywhere
all of these youtubers are the money
signs in their eyes what oh my gosh
yeah that logan paul literally in his
vlogs like oh let's start a twitch
channel to make millions yeah literally
that's the only reason more than anybody
else that's true what do you guys think
of logan paul nick says what your stuffs
Aaron John been following you guys for a
while how do you recommend someone or
yeah how do you recommend someone meet
you who just started blogging find
people nearby to collab with just find
it difficult since I just started um can
I just make a funny comment that the
moment you stepped on the frame at like
balanced out the light your color yeah
because I am so white that nothing ever
knows how to adjust the exposure for me
that's hilarious cuz it just went
dysfunctional again yeah
um okay so how do you find people
locally to collaborate with whether it
is vlogging YouTube twitch any social
thing and I would say just find one
creative friend and no but then how do
you find out one creative for me I was a
part of a lot of things that were like
community driven and I was always around
creative people so I was in a band and
not just formed from people at school
people at my church I was in a band with
everyone who was constantly doing
creative things and I think once you
tell people I'm a big leaver and
speaking things into motion
um so start telling your family tell all
your friends yo
I'm doing video I just bought a camera
I'm doing XYZ they're gonna start
linking the dots for you they'd be like
oh my cousin Bob does videos meet Bob
and Bob's like me Jimmy
meet John yeah so yes it's a it's a
snowball effect so speak it in to motion
yeah
meet hello people lots of people people
hate that but you do Marco this one for
John whole lot of gang sniffs I like
that a lot a whole lot of game we're
both um what do you guys think of John's
new here I feel bad that I'm debuting
your new haircut it's fine I mean you
can't really see it it's really dark
right but even in my video I do it very
much a lot right Andy the lab just got
those bucks - Wow and um another super
chat I don't want to see an unedited
review of GH oh that's true um but I
agree because YouTube's never evolved
their subscription platform people have
the grass is greener on the other side
mentality true I think youtubers are so
thirsty for a new social media they're
so thirsty for a platform that's not
changing their their algorithm the
moment something comes up like hmm you
know
Nicholas thank you are you a servant
which honestly I created a twitch
profile like a year ago oh just to
secure Sara T cheeks oh so I have Sara
DG I've been watching I'm sorry guys
keep hitting the table come on
but me personally I think I have already
so much to focus on when it comes to
youtube instagram twitter everything
else i am going to stick to my guns
Audrey would love to learn while
watching you edit thank you for being
inspiring thank you and if I ever do
twitch or go back to live streaming in a
way it's it'll be more for educational
purposes and I think it'll be for more
of a select amount of people so it's not
oh my gosh I'm getting notifications now
that people follow me on Twitch Wow
if I do twitch if I dive more into
YouTube live it'll be more focused it'll
be more for select groups of people who
want to learn more about also creative
process with twitch I don't see it as
like conquer all I want all of the
people all the subscribers I think it
it's good for a more like focused thing
like that but but yeah Alexandra what
happened to vero thoughts what did
happen to Farrow guys I didn't learn
enough about it man I hopped on it like
that
just because I thought that you needed a
username and you actually don't need a
username for it because I'm very
paranoid like every every place I have
to have Siri because there's so many
Sara because there's so many um Steve
stop shaking the table joining God Steve
says Peter McKinnon just made a video
about how important it is to collaborate
okay guys we're gonna watch that
quadrate and listen oh oh my god you're
you need a boy okay although I think
what you're looking for for you to do on
Twitch is a talk show maybe weekly or
twice a week where you
can select a theme talk about it for 40
minutes and then open it up to questions
let's do it yeah I think that's good
that's cool it's just I you know I've
already dough really deep into my
podcast and I think that that is a good
platform to have longer conversations
for me and I I have editing myself
filming myself podcasting myself with
guests it can get a lot where I'm like
I'm so sick of seeing my face um but
that's a good idea
um but that's a good idea
Mathi says we're a YouTube creator could
leverage twitch is engaging with an
audience like live-streaming to discuss
video ideas editing other creative
aspects yeah but I can also do it here
you know that's what I'm doing now I'm
asking for your feedback we have a ton
of you guys smash that mother-effer like
like 300 500 plug the discord discord is
for you like private Peachy fan right
now oh my gosh we passed 500 let's see
that fabbrizio you guys have the coolest
names a unique style every platform you
touch will be successful all thank you
so much Dimitri says how about doing an
interactive vlog edit a community edit
that it's interesting yeah a community
at it and 90
70 action Roger says why don't you use
camcorders and place of DSLR I actually
almost buy a camcorder the other day
just because of the ease of it but it's
just so like dad at a soccer game I just
couldn't do it
mmm what about periscope why you tubers
are leaving I was wondering I'm curious
about what you think yeah I mean wait so
we touched we touched on this in the
beginning of the stream um but I think
but they said it with all estimation
marks theirs they seemed sad about it
does that person just donate do you
think no this is real money oh okay it's
not US dollars so okay still John thank
you hi Sarah I just wanted to say thank
you for inspiring me to vlog I love your
videos I always look forward to your
likes greetings from the Philippines it
is so cool that we're talking right now
just so many people from around the
world Elliot thanks for that $1 nice
nice nice nice yeah it's crazy because
when you post a video you post it maybe
green few comments and then move on to
the next video you don't think about all
of the freaking people that you get to
talk to you get to create for so I'm
humbled thank you thank you
Katrina I love twitch there's room for
both YouTube and twitch to coexist I'm a
big fan of chambering he streams
Rocksmith like Guitar Hero but with a
real guitar the music scene is great
that is a fantastic insight Katrina so
Bradley the music scene is really cool
on Twitch maybe we should start a band
you should we should create a twitch
okay and join this epic music you know
I'm down did you play guitar girl I was
so good at guitar here I wasn't very
good at it honestly I was good a patreon
people are bringing up patreon patreon I
think people I think a lot of people do
patreon wrong but when you get it right
it makes sense because it's like you
want to support people through making
good creative stuff a good example is
Andrew apple pie who makes free beats
for people to use their videos you can
go to this patreon
pay him $2 a month and get beats I mean
that's something that I use all the time
I value his creative talent so of course
I'm gonna support him on patreon um so
yeah it's just another way to monetize
what you're creating but I I don't know
what my opinion is
or for me what's unique to me it's not
unique to everyone making money on this
platform in terms of that and I never
want to ask people to pay for what I'm
already gonna put out a video um I never
want that to come straight out of their
pocket because it's like not everyone
has that you know um so I prefer taking
30 seconds of your time
- maybe hype up a product that means a
lot to me like whether it's in a way
luggage or a Sony camera you know
they're sponsoring the content I feel
much better about taking 30 seconds of
your time for a minute of your time or
five minutes of your time to pump up a
product that's relevant to both of us
then asking money straight out of your
pocket saying so yeah we are about to
wrap up things I just wanted to come out
here and chat with you guys Alan thank
you so much for the 2000 are super chat
Rodney live streams are true social
media they are they're true social media
and I love talking to you guys and if
you find yourself randomly on here you
don't know who we are I'm Sarah I'm John
John Hill John Hill you can look up John
Hill on YouTube subscribe to my channel
if you're randomly on here I do tech and
creativity um and I feel like I want to
do just a few more live streams here and
there because I feel like I'm actually
legit and doing like a meet and greet a
meet and greet
a meet agree I'm definitely not from
Texas and new love dang thanks again
let's be fair people who rely purely on
pre-apocalypse weren't necessarily
outputting the best content we aren't
even drones cameras and dogs at Andy
amazing um discord I will I made a video
three weeks ago I think or a few weeks
ago it's called YouTube and turn the
discord link is in that video um it has
what's his face whose scooter
dude Jana Fox and Fox has Tanner Fox in
the thumbnail Aaron vlogs more content
on building personal brands how to
balance out the multi-platform approach
noted um kinetic village thank you those
two dollars um so yeah thank you guys so
if you have a smash the like button
smash that like button before you leave
and to wrap things up I'm going to read
out a few comments here because you guys
have insights for days um sub seven
bills YouTube but YouTube destroys its
own creators of success they do so by
making community leaders feel
financially insecure love from the
neverland's I think that's true for some
people but that's the thing when you are
a creative type when you are a
freelancer when you're an entrepreneur
you have to diversify the things um if
you truly rely on Google Adsense that's
when you are gonna get screwed and
Google Adsense isn't even that much
unless your views are just insane
phillipe says or yeah phillipe says
we're live stream Sarah - portable we
got people from Portugal tonin it
oh my goodness I'm watching this in VR
right now Timmy you're watching this in
VR - man yeah - Meehan
yeah 30-day review says even people with
regular jobs should diversify that's
very important to diversify Julie says
they're enjoying you two are such a
wonderful inspiring people keep up
[Music]
anyways guys thank you so much for
tuning in um there will be new videos
next week I'm trying to step up the game
a lot of good stuff
come and at your faces we're gonna go
eat some food but thank you again so
much for tuning in if you're watching
this after the fact you were watching us
as a video not as a live stream leave in
the comments down below what you think
of twitch do you watch it are you gonna
create on the platform and yeah it's a
brave new world out there